the white house has fallen
an attack has decimated a Brittany
Capitol
I made some breakfast you want something
I know baby my gonna go I'll stay safe I
promise you you must really like fish
you mr. president it's cold out here
sorry not anything to get out of DC for
a while
what is that are they back there change
the dress
so going on
why are my cups your whole team is dead
except you
yeah that's perfectly planned you're
being charged with the attempted murder
of the President of the United States
don't you see I'm being set up
Benny a Secret Service he knows all our
tricks he's gone we're getting somebody
else behind us it wasn't me
the president's not safe ready we're
trying finish the job
I'm not gonna stop the telling people
did this
why did you find me I need your help dad
[Music]
we gotta I ain't going nowhere you can't
hide from us panic don't worry about
finding me
I'll find you
are you kidding me
make a move be lit in a fog but not you
it's our moments of struggle that define
us
[Music]